[Music]
if you were being hunted by a child
eating monster who can transform into
your worst nightmare
what do you do this sadistic clown feeds
on your fear and it will murder all of
your friends if it isn't stopped
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do
and how to beat the demonic clown
pennywise in it
this boy will never see his family again
georgie here is playing in the ring with
his paper boat when it sails straight
into a sewer drain and he looks inside
to see if he can reach it
the boy suddenly sees a pair of eyes
staring back at him and finds a clown
hiding inside of the drain
the man introduces himself as pennywise
the clown but georgie here tells him
that he needs to go back home
the clown reminds him to take back his
paper boat and when the kid reaches into
the sewer drain the man
subtly sinks his teeth into the little
boy's arm and tears it off
the boy tries to crawl to safety
screaming in pain but nobody is around
to help him
the creature stretches its arm out and
drags him back into the sewer drain
leaving no trace of the kid
except a pool of blood one year later
and nobody has found georgie but billy
here won't give up the search for his
little brother his friends are
discussing how they should spend their
summer break but billy wants their help
exploring the sewers for any sign of
georgie
the boy walks home and enters the garage
but his dad has found a secret model of
the town's sewage system and is upset
the kid explains that the drain where
his little brother went missing is
connected to the barons and plans to
look for him there but his father
doesn't want to hear it
the man has had enough it insists that
his little brother is dead
he has no idea that his son is going to
uncover a dark secret the town has been
hiding for over 300 years
okay this dad is absolutely right but he
doesn't have to be such a dick about it
bill here insists his brother is still
alive and has even done research on the
town's sewer systems to figure out where
his brother might be
but there are two huge problems that the
boy is not considering
firstly there were only two witnesses
who saw the boy by the sewer drain
one of them refused to comment but the
woman here returned to find a pool of
blood and this tells us
almost everything we need to know if it
was a simple kidnapping there wouldn't
have been any blood at all because the
boy was small enough to be abducted
without any struggle
now an 80 pound child contains 2.6
liters of blood and you only need to
lose 40
of that to die which for georgie here
would be the same amount that's in this
coke bottle
judging by how much blood is at the
scene of the crime even after the rain
washed most of it away
this is already enough evidence to
convince us that he's dead without a
doubt
now as tragic as that may be there's an
even bigger problem here
if you start connecting the dots you'll
realize that nobody in this town is
doing anything to find their children at
all
there are at least six other kids that
have gone missing that year but there's
no sign of any active investigation into
the disappearances
the fact that this kid is trying to
convince his dad that georgie might be
in the barrens is a clear indication
that they haven't even bothered to check
there
now what's most disturbing is that if
anyone is qualified to look it would be
this dad here
according to the book this guy is an
electrician for dairy's local
hydroelectric power corporation
it's his job to understand where the
water in this town is flowing so if
there's any mystery for bill here to
solve
it should be why his dad isn't doing a
damn thing to figure out where his son
has gone
if this takes place in 1988 that's only
eight short years after john wayne gacy
also known as pogo the killer clown was
arrested after killing 33 young boys
in this context the parents and
taxpayers of dairy should be hyper alert
to six missing kids in a single year and
demand
answers from the police about the
disappearances but instead they all
settle for missing posters in a seven
o'clock curfew with no investigation
this is extremely strange behavior and
if billy started investigating his
father's complete apathy towards the
situation
instead of the sewer systems he would
quickly discover that every adult in
this town is being brainwashed
later in town this kid mike is
delivering fresh meat for his summer job
and parks in an alley neary butcher shop
suddenly he hears a sound behind him and
turns around to find several hands
reaching out
trying to break free and they're all
burning alive he approaches as the
screams get louder but that's when the
door swings open revealing a figure
hanging from a meat hook
it waves at him as his eyes start
glowing but suddenly a car comes
speeding into the alley and he dodges
out of the way
this bully screams at him to stay out of
town and they drive off but the kid is
still haunted by what he's just seen
meanwhile in the synagogue this kid
stanley has taken a break from studying
the torah for his bar mitzvah and
returns the book to his dad's office
he shields his eyes from a creepy
painting of a woman with a long face and
puts the book back on the shelf but he
hears something fall behind him
turning around he notices the scary
painting on the floor and goes to put it
back on the wall but he's shocked when
he realizes the woman from the painting
is gone he looks behind him and there in
the shadows is the woman giving him an
evil smile
the boy snaps out of it and runs out of
the room before it gets too close
okay this kid needs to start praying a
lot harder stanley here is afraid of a
painting which is a strange condition
called sporto dyslexic phobia but what's
most interesting about this
is that whatever the monster is it
already knew what he was afraid of and
used it against him
now what he just witnessed was so
bizarre that later he'll be trying to
convince himself it was all in his
imagination and that's going to be a
huge mistake
if you don't believe what you saw that
you won't modify your behavior or
actions to protect yourself and it makes
it a lot easier to be haunted like this
again
the source of his fear comes from a
material possession that can be easily
destroyed so if it were me
i would walk back into the room take the
painting out of the synagogue and burn
it
now if he did this he would soon realize
that the creature that haunted him will
return
so while the solution doesn't eliminate
the problem he'll be able to quickly
learn more about what this thing is and
what it wants from him
in the library ben here plans to spend
his summer indoors reading he's the new
kid at school and hasn't made any
friends but when he starts looking into
the town's history things take a dark
turn
he reads about a massive explosion on
easter in 1908 that killed 88 children
looking through the pictures he sees a
boy's decapitated head high up in a tree
and closes the book absolutely horrified
by what he's just seen
that's when he turns around and sees a
red balloon floating across the room but
nobody else in the library seems to
notice it
going to investigate he looks through
the doorway to find a smoking easter egg
at the top of the stairs and follows a
trail of eggs leading him down to the
library's archives
suddenly the lights start to flicker and
he hears a noise behind him
turning around he sees a boy walking
down the stairs but he's missing his
head
just like the kid in the book ben here
is too afraid to move but the headless
creature starts chasing him and the new
kid runs further into the archives but
when ben turns around to look
he sees the same clown that killed
georgie following after him
suddenly he bumps into the librarian
startling them both and turns to realize
that nobody else is there
okay this is instant nightmare fuel he
didn't even notice that behind him
something evil was watching him before
he even went downstairs
but he's just discovered a goldmine of
viable information that could save a lot
of people
this town has a long history of terrible
events and almost all of them have an
eyewitness account or photographic
evidence of a mysterious and unknown
clown named penny watts
now the stories of this book are so
crazy that we might think it's a work of
fiction but if he dug a little further
he would have found that branson
buttinger who wrote the book was found
dead
shortly after publishing his research it
doesn't prove that the stories and
photographs are true but it certainly
supports the pattern of tragic events
this killer clown has also made a huge
mistake by revealing himself because
seeing it with your very own eyes helps
confirm a series of other logical
deductions and rules about the nature of
this evil creature
the first thing it confirms is that the
cause of these tragic events including
the recently missing children traced
back to the same evil clown
this means it's been haunting the town
for hundreds of years and that makes it
supernatural
not human secondly it tried to lure us
away from the public to capture us but
as soon as the librarian arrived the
monster disappeared
that means you're never safe unless
you're in the presence of an adult
that makes parents and adults a useful
tool and we need to keep them around for
our safety even if they never believe us
thirdly ben was able to pick up the egg
at the bottom of the stairs
so even though it's a supernatural
entity we have reason to believe we can
still physically interact with it
this is a big deal because if it's true
then we can logically conclude we might
also be able to physically harm or even
kill it under the right circumstances
lastly this book clarifies that these
events are happening specifically within
the boundaries of dairy and not anywhere
else by leaving the town we might also
be free from the boundaries of its
influence and it won't be able to kill
us beyond those borders
now information is this clown's worst
enemy because if you're informed then
you can be prepared
if it were me i would be warning
everyone in town and show them the proof
in this book
it doesn't help that ben here is a new
kid but if he started telling people he
would soon learn that other kids are
being haunted as well and they would be
able to quickly band together which is a
much safer way to deal with the
supernatural threat
if it's trying to pick them off one by
one when all the kids finally admit to
each other that they're being haunted
it's going to open up a lot more
opportunities for us to beat this
creature with some pretty crazy ideas
leaving the library the new kid is
absolutely terrified of what just
happened but it's about to get even
worse the local bullies are waiting for
him outside the building and plan to
welcome him to the neighborhood as
painfully as possible
they take in the lovers bridge where
they're about to torture him but that's
when a car approaches
he screens up for help but the
passengers don't even look concerned for
his safety and as they drive away
a red balloon appears in the back seat
the leader pulls out his switchblade and
begins carving his name into the kid's
flesh
but the boy kicks the bully away and
falls over the railing tumbling down the
hill towards the river
furious they jump down the chase after
him but they've lost his trail
on the other end of the river billy and
his friends are exploring the sewer
systems looking for any sign of his
brother georgie eddie here is terrified
of germs and refuses to join the search
but suddenly richie here finds a shoe
floating in the water
looking inside they realized that it
belongs to betty ribson
one of the girls that went missing only
weeks ago and it's evidence that these
boys are onto something
that's when they hear the new kid ben
stumble into the river behind them
realizing he's hurt they offer to take
him back into town meanwhile
this bully is still looking for the new
kid and hears a sound coming from a
tunnel nearby
thinking it's him he walks inside and
uses an aerosol can to light his way but
as he travels deeper he hears a voice
calling out
lighting the tunnel he's shocked to see
four dead people appear in front of him
he runs back through the sewers in
terror but finds his escape blocked by a
gate
suddenly this red balloon floats towards
him and pops revealing pennywise the
clown right before the kid
is devoured okay this might be
horrifying but at least he's taking down
a bully
and that makes this a net positive the
evil clown is fed and the streets of
dairy are a little bit safer for a kid
like ben here
now as for this bully there were two
obvious mistakes he made that got him
killed
first he used his lighter and aerosol
can to illuminate the tunnels but didn't
bother using it as a weapon when he was
faced with a threat
instead this kid drops in the water and
runs in the wrong direction
trapping himself inside the next mistake
he made was not even trying to squeeze
through these metal bars
he's a pretty skinny kid and instead of
letting these bars become a trap we
should try to turn them into a barrier
for the fence but he didn't even
consider it as an option
now with these obvious points out of the
way there are a few details that tell us
more about this clown and how it
operates
when the new kid was being bullied these
people drove by but didn't stop to help
him
now you might think that they realize
that as senior citizens they can't do
much to intervene but if you look at
their faces
there is zero compassion or expression
of concern for this kid's safety
this tells us that the monster can
influence others behavior decision
making or perception of reality and if
the clown can
influence them it means adults will not
be reliable for help
now this might actually be a blessing in
disguise because if the adults are
apathetic to a child's safety then we
won't get in trouble for pushing this
bully in front of the oncoming car
if we do this then one of two things are
likely to happen either it will force
someone to stop the car to prevent
hitting him and get out to help
or the clown will be controlling them
and he'll run right over the kid taking
out the threat
it's a way to win and if i have to
suffer more pain to take that chance
then it's going to be worth the scars
billy and his friends head back into
town with the injured kid and go to the
pharmacy to buy medical supplies to
treat him but they don't have enough
money
that's when they see this red-headed
girl beverly from their school walk into
the aisle
they tell her they can't afford medical
supplies to treat their friend and she
decides to help them out
the girl approaches the pharmacist and
distracts him by knocking a rack of
cigarettes over the counter
the boys take their opportunity to steal
the supplies and they leave the store to
help their friend outside
later she finds it in the alleyway
tending to the injured kid and this boy
invites her to come with them to the
quarry tomorrow the girl thanks them for
the invitation and heads back home but
none of them realize that the clown
is still watching them the girl sneaks
into her house but is stopped by her
creepy dad
he wants to know what she bought and
asks if she's still his little girl
taking a long moment to smell her hair
before letting her leave
she hates how he treats her and goes to
the bathroom to cut her hair short but
this one action is going to come back to
haunt her
okay all of these kids have such bad
parents that it's easy to miss one crazy
detail that proves the adults are being
brainwashed and it's right in front of
their noses
on two separate occasions we can see a
parent watching tv but instead of sports
or wheel of fortune
they're both watching the same
children's program now if i were to come
home
and find my mom or dad sitting alone in
the dark watching sesame street
i would freak the out this is not normal
behavior and it's enough to question why
they're acting so strangely
eventually they'll discover that their
friends parents are doing the same thing
and realize that something very sinister
is going on but there's even more here
that can tell us what it is
this television program had circus music
in the background
and the host said that the word of the
day is clown
now most of these kids don't know why
that's significant yet but ben here has
seen the clown with his own eyes
if he had heard what his kid show was
satan he would be able to figure out
that the evil clown is brainwashing
all the adults through the television
once he figured this out then logically
we have to take it one step further
an evil supernatural entity would have
no reason to limit itself to only one
method of influence
so it's also incredibly likely that it's
using the radio and other means
as well this creates the horrifying
realization that literally
every single adult within the borders of
the town is under a spell and the only
way to break that spell is to knock them
unconscious and get them out of dairy
i would kidnap my own parents throw them
in the back of the car and drive out of
town
we can apologize to them later because
we're going to have a much better chance
of surviving a supernatural threat if we
can break an adult from their spell and
get them on our side but i would take
this
one step further this might be 1989 but
today in 2021
if a demonic clown was brainwashing my
parents through our tv the first thing
i'm doing is going to my computer and
deleting my search history which is why
i use the only vpn that protects you
from actual ghosts
huge shout out to this video's sponsor
cyber ghost vpn
in 2021 basically everyone should be
using a vpn if they want to keep the
things that they are doing online
private
a vpn keeps your online browsing
anonymous and encrypted which makes it
one of the safest ways to protect
yourself from hackers and malicious
websites
and there's a lot of other advantages
too thanks to cyber ghost vpn you can
access geo-restricted content like
region block videos on youtube
social media find better deals online
play games blocked your country and even
get blocked libraries of over 35
streaming services like netflix hulu
amazon prime disney plus and many more
for example with cyber ghost vpn you can
watch the special libraries from netflix
and the uk
germany and even japan cyberghost's vpn
is available for all platforms
windows ios mac android smart tvs and
even gaming consoles
they have more than 38 million users and
a 5 star rating on trustpilot precisely
because it is very easy to use
you can use one subscription to protect
up to seven devices at a time so you can
share with your family and friends and
there's a 45-day money-back guarantee
so it's totally risk-free if you change
your mind later they also have 24 7
support so you can reach them easily
anytime
get cyber ghost vpn's best deal ever
just two dollars and 19 cents a month
plus
four months free which is 83 off using
my link in the pinned comment and
description of this video and start
protecting yourself today
the next day at the quarry the boys are
daring each other to jump into the water
below
but the girl shows them up and bravely
leaps off the cliff without hesitation
for now they're just kids enjoying their
summer break but things are about to
take a very serious turn for them
and it all starts with bed here sitting
on the shore this boy looks the new
kid's backpack
and finds a folder full of articles on
the town's dark history
the others take a look as ben tells them
that the amount of people who disappear
in dairy is 6 times the national average
but for children it's so much worse
he offers to show them more of his
research and they all agree to go back
to his house to learn more
upstairs in his room they see all the
information he's gathered and learned
that when the town was founded the
people who signed the charter all
mysteriously disappeared
there was no evidence of an attack but
an old drawing clearly shows pennywise
the clown hidden in the crowd
okay this is really frustrating finally
they all have the same information that
helps confirm pennywise the clown is
haunting them but they don't all
recognize it yet because he's appearing
to everyone in different forms
this is taking way too long for them to
put the pieces together here because
nobody is talking about what they saw
but if ben here was using his brain he'd
realize there's still a way to connect
the dots and convince his new friends
that this clown is coming after them if
he hasn't already
the best thing to do here to get them on
the same page is to confess that he saw
this clown with his very own
eyes the key thing here that brings it
all together is that in the library
ben was first afraid of the picture of a
decapitated head
and this is exactly how the creature
decided to appear to him
admitting this will encourage stanley
here to speak up about the evil woman he
saw in his dad's office and that he was
always afraid of that painting
from this one conversation they could
connect the evidence of ben's research
to the string of kids that i've gone
missing
and figure out that this evil clown
might be the same shape-shifting monster
that is haunting them
it will choose to show itself in
whatever form brings up the most fear in
that person and it's only a matter of
time before it appears to the other kids
as well
now if this is just a theory then we
need to prove the theory by predicting
an outcome
if subjective fear is what drives it
then we can predict how it will appear
to each of these kids
this kid richie is terrified of clowns
eddie here is a germaphobe and billy
here is terrified he'll never find his
brother
these kids haven't been haunted yet but
if pennywise appears to ritchie as a
clown
to eddie as a virus and to billy as a
manifestation of his missing brother
it will prove our theory correct and
they'll have no choice but to believe
it's real
once these kids understand that he uses
fear as a weapon against us
we need to do everything we can to
remove fear from the equation because
that will take away the tool it has to
lure us in and kill us
and we can finally get around to talk
about how to fight and kill this thing
later that evening eddie here is walking
back home and passes by this creepy old
house
when suddenly the front door opens and
he hears a voice calling out to him
nervous he drops his pillbox on the
ground and scrambles to pick them up but
as he reaches for the last one he looks
up to find a hideous leper standing in
front of him
horrified the kid runs away as the man
chases him through the gates and deeper
into the property
he reaches the back fence but when he
turns around the leper is gone and a
clown is standing there behind him
it asks eddie to come join him but the
kid runs through a hole in the fence as
the clown
vanishes into thin air meanwhile beverly
is at home looking through her backpack
when a postcard falls out
hiding from her father she retreats into
the bathroom to read it and discovers
it's a love letter from one of the boys
she's touched by the message but that's
when she hears voices whispering from
inside the sink she looks inside the
drain and asks who's speaking and their
answer is absolutely horrifying
the voices introduce themselves as all
the missing kids from the town
curious the girl finds a tape measure
and threads it down the drain but when
she pulls it back up
she finds her cut hair soaked in blood
and wrapped around the measuring tape
suddenly the hair strands fly out and
grab her head pulling the girl towards
the drain
she pulls against it with all her
strength but then a geyser of blood
erupts out of the sink and covers the
entire bathroom in red
her dad hears her screaming and walks in
to check on her she tries to explain
that there's blood everywhere but the
man doesn't see anything out of the
ordinary
it's completely invisible to him and the
girl has no idea what to do
okay this is horrifying because now this
monster is entering our homes and it's
only a matter of time before we go
missing if we don't do something about
it
now since eddie here saw a leper there's
no doubt that the monster chooses to
appear according to what each child is
most afraid of
so if it appeared to beverly as a geyser
of blood then it tells us
she's most afraid of becoming a woman
earlier in the pharmacy we saw her
hiding a box of tampons because she was
embarrassed
we also saw that she was cutting her
hair to look more like a boy after her
father's uncomfortable advances
at this point they should both
understand that what they're afraid of
is being used against them by pennywise
the clown and there's no way to avoid it
so now we can finally begin strategizing
how to fight it
the first thing we need to do is find a
way to eliminate our deepest fears so it
can't be used against us now on a
biological level the amygdala controls
fear in the human brain and it sends
signals throughout the body to react
based on the perceived threat but one of
the best ways to get over fear
is through frequent and overwhelming
exposure to it this is known a
behavioral psychology
as flooding it's also been used by
clinical psychologists to effectively
treat patients with irrational phobias
by exposing so into their phobia and
forcing them to confront it
your brain will actually rewire itself
to adapt and completely eliminate that
fear instinct
now these kids will be at greater risk
of facing their fears alone because it's
giving the clown the perfect opportunity
to abduct someone but this isn't the
case if it's done with a large group of
friends in a controlled environment
the easiest person to start with is
eddie here because he's a germaphobe and
a hypochondriac
if there's any other way that we can
expose him to a lot of germs and
sickness with his consent it will reveal
to him that there's nothing to fear but
fear itself and this leper here will not
be an effective way to scare him
i would suggest that we expose
everyone's deepest fears as a group in a
safe environment
to strengthen our defenses at the end of
the day fear is a survival response to
danger so if we arm
ourselves with knowledge and experience
then we have a lot more we can use to
defend ourselves against its attacks
later that night billy here is woken up
by a strange noise from downstairs and
follows the sound all the way into the
basement
he's shocked to find his little brother
georgie standing there in the shadows
and the kid tells him to join him in the
sewers but billy is horrified as he
watches his brother's face start to
decompose
in real time suddenly the monster clown
bursts out of the water and runs after
the kid but he escapes back upstairs
just before the clown could reach him
the next day the group of friends meet
back up
and the girl shows them the blood scene
bathroom she thought she might be
hallucinating
but unlike her dad all of the kids can
see it and they're shocked
later the group ride their bikes back
into town and billy here admits that
they saw something last night as well
the rest of the boys confessed they all
saw strange things too and they realized
this is not a coincidence
that's when they notice the bully's car
parked next to a bike on the side of the
road
realizing someone is in danger the girl
tells them they need to go help and
leads the others to the riverbank
the bullies are shoving this boy's face
into a package of raw meat but when he
glances across the river he spots the
bloodied face of pennywise the clown
waving at him with a severed arm
he tries to run away but the leader
holds him down and is about to smash his
skull in with a rock when a stone hits
him in the head
they all look across the river to find
the friend standing there and before
they know it the two sides get into a
rock war
the bullies are outnumbered and the
group scares them away helping their new
friend
escape a brutal death okay rock wars can
be a lot of fun but there's got to be a
better way to take these guys out
right now we're facing both an evil
clown and an evil gang of bullies and
that's just way too much for any group
of kids to handle but instead of having
to fight both of them i would try to
make them fight each other
the enemy of my enemy is my friend and
that's a lot better than just having two
enemies
i would try to find as many ways as
possible to gaslight these bullies to
make them afraid
because the more fear i can create in
them the more of a target they all
become to the killer clown and the less
he will be focused on killing me and my
group of friends
i would start by printing hundreds of
missing posters with the boys faces on
it and posted them on all the shops and
buildings in town
then i take an anonymous ad out of the
newspaper that reads
bowers gang next to go missing if we
find enough ways to gaslight him like
this
it might be enough to make him and his
gang fearful that they'll be going
missing next
and if that's what he fears then the
killer clown will make his fear come
true
they all head back into town where the
group discovers another kid has gone
missing and the flyer has been placed on
the top of betty ribson who disappeared
only three weeks ago
ben tells them that based on his
research these disappearances happen
only once every 27 years
and if that's true then the monster
clown will go into hibernation
after the cycle ends the group goes to
the park where mike here decides to
reveal that his parents were born to
death inside of a house
and he was the only one who made it out
alive losing his parents in that fire
is his greatest fear in life and it's
exactly how the clown appeared to him
when he was haunted
that's when they all finally start to
realize that the monster must be taken
the form of whatever they fear most
they need to figure out how to stop it
once and for all and that gives billy
here an idea
they all go to bill's garage and set up
the projector lining up a picture of old
dairy on top of the town's sewage system
all of the most tragic events in the
town's history have happened near one of
the sewer lines and they all lead back
to a single point
it's the location of the abandoned house
where eddie saw the leper and it must be
where the evil clown lives
this kid starts having a panic attack
and rips the sewer map off the wall
but suddenly the projector starts
changing slides on its own
the kids stare in disbelief as they
watch the woman in the photo
slowly transform into pennywise the
clown it's enough to give you chills and
mikey kicks over the projector to shut
it off but it's not enough to stop the
evil creature
the clown suddenly lunges out from the
screen into the room terrifying the kids
but when they open the garage door the
clown disappears
okay that was the most epic family
slideshow of all time
there was no way they could have
expected that to happen but it teaches
us two valuable lessons
the first is don't go through your
parents old photos because what you find
could traumatize you for life
the second valuable lesson is that this
clown is now willing to appear to the
entire group all at once and is not
hiding anymore
now if we remember back in the library
then he was able to pick up the easter
egg and had told us that if we can
interact with it physically like this
then we might also be able to physically
hurt it as well
this is normally where i would point out
that these kids are in a garage and
surrounded by dozens of tools
i wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't
even a power saw any power gel in here
and that could do a lot of damage if we
tried to fight this thing off
it would take half a second to reach one
of these tools here and start throwing
them at the giant killer clown but this
time i'm saying
that if i saw this thing jump out of the
picture and into my garage i'm running
out of here as fast as i possibly can
this thing doesn't need to turn into
some manifestation of our deepest fear
in order to scare the living out of us
because it's perfectly terrifying just
the way it is
if we want any chance at setting up this
thing later we need to find something
that can completely eliminate fear on a
chemical level
and that's why i would try to get my
hands on as many barbiturates and
anti-anxiety meds as possible
some of the biggest breakthroughs in
anti-anxiety pharmaceuticals happened in
the 1980s or earlier so these kids could
potentially get access to very effective
medication to significantly reduce the
effects of fear
by chemically weakening our brain's fear
signals the clown will have a much
harder time trying to freak us out
now the downside is that these kinds of
meds require prescriptions but lucky for
us
beverly here has someone on the inside
who's eager to help her find what she's
looking for and she might be able to
help us steal all the anti-anxiety meds
that we need to defend ourselves
now that they know where it lives bill
here wants to go after it and save his
little brother but his friends are too
scared none of them want to risk their
lives and realize they won't help he
gets on his bike to face the clown alone
arriving at the creepy house he walks up
to the building psyche himself up for
the fight of his life
his friends right up to the house on
their bikes and the girl tells him it's
too dangerous to go alone
so the group picks straws and the losers
enter the house of bill
as they walk up the stairs they hear
someone crying for help
they slowly walk through the hallway to
find where it's coming from but eddie
here gets distracted by another voice
whispering his name
and his friends don't realize they've
left them behind the two kids walk into
this room and find no sign of anyone but
the door suddenly slams shut behind them
eddie runs towards them in the hallway
but the floor in front of him collapses
and he falls through it onto the kitchen
table breaking his arm
looking up in pain he sees the
refrigerator door swing open and
pennywise the clown steps out of the
fridge
the monster approaches terrorizing the
child as he tells the boy that he wants
all of his sweet fear it seems hopeless
for eddie but his friends suddenly run
in and find him in the kitchen with the
killer clown it turns the bill and tells
him he killed his brother georgie but
the boy is frozen in fear
the clown rushes forward to attack them
but suddenly the girl appears out of
nowhere and stabs the clown through the
head with a metal fence post
the kids try to help eddie up but the
monster turns around and this time
he's not playing games his hands turn
into monster's claws and he swings
around
scratching ben across his stomach before
retreating out of the kitchen
bill here falls after the creature and
sees it going down a well in the
basement and back into the sewer system
the friends will gather outside and
richie here insists bill is putting them
all in danger but billy refuses to let
it go and they get into a fight
the others break it up and the girl
points out that the only reason they
could hurt it is because they were all
facing it together but the others don't
want to listen
and go their separate ways leaving the
girl and billy to fight the clown on
their own
okay these kids are making a huge
mistake for the first time
we actually confirmed that this thing
can be hurt because beverly stabbed him
through the face
this was a major breakthrough but now
they're too scared to fight it and this
is giving this clown exactly what it
wants
if fear is driving our actions then it
can easily split us up and kill us
having said that a group of seven kids
fighting a supernatural clown demon is
incredibly dangerous so if i were billy
here i would get the friends back
together and offer a compromise
if it's just too traumatizing to
confront then we should all consider a
way to beat it without ever having to
see it again
if we know that it lives in the sewer
system which connects to this house
it's clearly a point of weakness for the
supernatural creature because these are
physical places that we can interact
with
when your own life is on the line and
the rest of the town's children are
disappearing it's completely worth it to
burn this abandoned building down to the
ground
to box this creature in and when the
monster retreats into the sewers then we
should find a way to flood the sewers
now under normal circumstances it would
be practically impossible but luckily
for bill here
his dad works at the hydroelectric power
plant and hydroelectricity
comes from the potential energy of
damned water since billy's dad works for
the local dam
he has a better chance than anyone of
going with him to work finding out what
it takes to emergency release the damn
water and flood the evil clown out of
the sewers where he's hiding
sure the rest of the town is going to
flood as well and your dad will get
fired but if we calmly explain that
we're finding a supernatural
shape-shifting clown that lives in the
sewers and still has her brother georgie
i'm sure they'll understand
all joking aside the adults in this town
are already brainwashed so the only
thing that actually matters is killing
this monster
if i had the chance to flood the entire
town to ruin this clown's home and drive
him out i would still do it because
there's no point in protecting
a town that won't do anything to protect
you it's a very unlikely plan but if we
actually pull it off the town will
probably have to evacuate once it's
flooded and as soon as they cross the
boundaries of derry they're all going to
be free from the influence of the evil
clown
it just might be the single most
effective strategy we have against him
two months have passed and beverly here
is leaving her house to meet bill but
she finds the front door is padlocked
shut
sitting in the shadows her father says
he's heard rumors that she's been doing
naughty things with a group of boys all
summer
beverly insists that it's not true but
he doesn't believe a word she says
managing to break free the girl runs to
the bathroom to hide but her father
comes storming after her
he breaks on the door and walks in
looking behind the shower curtains but
she smashes his head with a toilet tank
cover knocking him out cold
she's about to leave the bathroom but
petty wise suddenly appears in the
doorway and grabs her to take her into
the sewers
later billy arrives at beverly's house
but finds the door wide open
he searches for the girl and finds a
message from pennywise on the ceiling
written in blood warning that he'll die
if he tries to stop the clown
the kid realizes there's only one way to
help her now and leaves the house to
find his friends
in the arcade he meets richie and tells
him that the monster has kidnapped
beverly and they have to get the others
if they want any chance of saving her
life
agreeing to help they all ride to the
abandoned house where pennywise lives
and this time mike here brought his
cattle gun
to take the monster out reaching the
front gate the boys drop their bikes and
start gathering scrap from the yard to
defend themselves before they head into
the house to rescue their friend
deep in the sewers beverly here wakes up
next to a massive pile of junk in the
center of the cistern but when she looks
up she's shocked to find the bodies of
all the missing children
floating in the air she runs towards a
tunnel hoping to escape
but pennywise jumps out and grabs her
beverly tells the clown she's not afraid
of him anymore
but suddenly his face starts to stretch
wide open and when she looks inside
she sees three glowing orbs of light
deep inside his throat
her eyes start to cloud and she begins
to float like the rest of the kids above
her
meanwhile the kids find the well that
leads to the sewers and they all climb
down a rope until they reach the bottom
crawling through the tunnels stanley
here thinks he hears a noise behind him
and swings his flashlight around but
that's when the kid is suddenly
transported to another
section of the sewer system he looks
around with his flashlight and realizes
all of his friends are gone but hears
footsteps coming from somewhere nearby
out of nowhere the woman from the
painting runs up to him and across the
tunnels his friends hear stanley
screaming
in fear they all follow the sound of his
voice but when they reach the other side
they find the monster chewing on the
boy's face terrified
they can only watch as it backs away
into the shadows and transforms into
pennywise the clown before leaving the
boys alone
okay this killer clown just star trek
this guy to a completely different part
of the sewer without his friends even
noticing
now the obvious mistake here was not to
put a weapon in every single kid's hands
bill here is literally holding three
sharp metal fence posts just in case he
needs extras and
that's a greedy way to go about hunting
down a supernatural threat
if we know that we only have a chance to
defeat this thing as a group then it's
in our own interest to give every single
person the best chance at survival
now there's one more strategy we should
use in case we ever do get split up
again
stanley here is still afraid of this
woman from the painting and that fear
makes him a weak target for the monster
but there's still something he can do
about it
as humans we regularly convert our
emotions into others on a daily basis
without even realizing it
fear can quickly turn into anger fear is
a survival tool for avoiding danger but
anger is a tool for confronting it and
right now we need to trick our brains to
use the same survival instinct to
confront the threat as the best way to
survive it
this one mental shift will take away
this monster's ability to scare you and
as we learned from beverly's case if it
can't scare you then it can't really
kill you either
the kids run to check on their injured
friend who starts having a panic attack
but billy here gets distracted when he
notices someone in the distance running
down a tunnel
taking the bolt gun with him he chases
it through the sewers until he reaches a
cistern
and looks up to find his friend beverly
floating in the air
he walks to the scrap pile to find
anything that can help him reach her but
that's when he sees a little boy in a
yellow raincoat running past
it looks just like georgie and the boy
walks around to follow him
the others finally arrive in the cistern
and find the girl floating high in the
air
working together they manage to pull her
back down and try to wake her up but
nothing
is working as a last resort ben takes
matters into his own hands by kissing
her on the lips and she suddenly snaps
out of her trance
the group hug each other in relief but
that's when eddie here realizes that one
of them
is missing billy has finally found his
brother after a year
searching and the kid begs to be taken
home but as emotional as it is
the boy knows that this is just an
illusion he says he loves him before
pressing the bolt gun to the kid's head
and pulls the trigger
they all think it's over when suddenly
the body starts shaking and begins
transforming back into pennywise to
clown
furious he launches at the kid but all
the others join in to defend their
friend and attack the monster
they try to hold it back but the clown
overpowers them all throwing the kids
off and grabs billy here
taking him hostage all the kids stand
back and pennywise the dancing clown
offers to make them a deal
they can leave the sewers alive if they
let him keep the boy but richie here
tells him they've come too far to back
out and swings a baseball bat straight
into the clown's face
everyone starts ganging up on the
creature as he desperately tries to
scare them by shape-shifting into each
kid's fear but it's useless
they're not afraid anymore and realizing
they've won it retreats into the sewers
and disappears
that's when billy here looks down and
finds his brother's raincoat that he
wore on the day he went missing
breaking down into tears he finally
comes to terms with georgie's death
and his friends gather around to hug him
one month later the girl tells the gang
that when she was floating she saw a
vision of the future
they were all back in the cistern trying
to kill pennywise the clown but as
adults
27 years from now billy here makes them
all promise to come back if the monster
isn't dead
and with their oath made him blood they
all promise each other that they'll
return in exactly 27 years
to kill the clown for good don't forget
to click the link in the description
to get the special discount
cyberghostvpn is offering my viewers
this application will protect your data
while you browse and give you full
access to
all block content on the internet for
just two dollars and 19 cents a month
it's totally risk-free so check it out
in the link below thank you so much for
watching leave a like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day